# Hello World 
Hello, World! is a simple computer program that outputs or display the message; Hello, World!. It is the most famous program known as the first example in nearly every programming language for every programmers, where dis this message come from ?
 As a function, the computer program simply tells the computer to display the words "Hello, World!" tradutinally, its the first program developer use to test system. For programmers seeing the two words on the screen means their code can compile, lead, run and they can see the output. Its a test signifying a start to a program. Over the past several decades. Its grown to become time honored tradition. All programmers that have come before you have at some point felt the same rush of adrenaline after realizing they successfullt communicated through the computer. Here's how th etwo famous word in the history of programming first began. No one knows exactly why Hello World has stood the test of time so well. The most likely historical explanation is simply that a short program like Hello World once allowed the programmer to make sure that a language's compiler , development environment, and run-time environment were correctly installed. Because this involved a lot of work, a very simple program was used first to test things out. According to Wikipedia, the tradition of using the phrase "Hello, world" as the test message was influenced by an example program in the book "The C Programming Language", by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie.
 Hello, World! was created by "Brian Kernighan" who friend/colleague of "Dennis Ritchie & Ken Thompson who is inventor of "C Language" (C programming is considered as the base for other programming languages, that is why it is known as mother language, because most of the compilers, JVMs, Kernels, etc. are written in C language, and most of the programming languages follow C syntax, for example, C++, Java, C#, etc. It provides the core concepts like the array, strings, functions, file handling, etc. that are being used in many languages like C++, Java, C#, etc.) Brian Keringhan worked at Bell Labs and contributed to the development of Unix alongside Unix creators Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie. Kernighan's name became widely known through co-authorship of the first book on the C programming language with Dennis Ritchie. Kernighan affirmed that he had no part in the design of the C language ("it's entirely Dennis Ritchie's work"). He authored many Unix programs, including ditroff. Kernighan is coauthor of the AWK and AMPL programming languages. The "K" of K&R C and the "K" in AWK both stand for "Kernighan". In collaboration with Shen Lin he devised well-known heuristics for two NP-complete optimization problems: graph partitioning and the travelling salesman problem. In a display of authorial equity, the former is usually called the Kernighan–Lin algorithm, while the latter is known as the Lin–Kernighan heuristic. Kernighan has been a Professor in the Computer Science Department of Princeton University since 2000. He is also the Undergraduate Department Representative.
 
 Unfortunately, the legend himself can’t definitely pinpoint when or why he chose the words “Hello, World.” When asked what sparked the idea for the name “Hello, World” in interview with Forbes India, he said his memory’s dim. “What I do remember is that I had seen a cartoon that showed an egg and a chick and the chick was saying, “Hello, World.”
It’s pretty fitting, considering “Hello, World” represents the birth of computer programming as a widespread phenomenon for the masses. At the time, neither Kernighan nor his colleague Dennis Ritchie, the late author of the C language, could imagine just how monumental the language and the tutorial book would have on the field of programming today. These ideas were nothing but a research project inside Bell Labs, the research and development branch of AT&T. Although no one can scientifically explain why “Hello, World,” grew to become wildly popular, “Hello, World” program marks a major change in the historical rhetoric of programming. Let’s look at its historical context. One major catalyst that sparked the spread of ‘Hello World’ was the parallel introduction of the PDP-11, one of the first commercial success of microcomputers. Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) sold over 600,000 units of the PDP-11 total at about $10,000 each, which was drastically lower than the millions of dollars computers typically cost. Plus, the PDP-11 16-bit series didn’t require punch cards. It was the first time you could use a programming language to directly talk to a computer.

But in order to boost public acceptance, DEC didn’t refer to it as a computer. It marketed it as “Programmed Data Processor” to disassociate the product from the mainframe computers of the past. As more people were purchasing a programmable computer, the demand for his book C Programming Language rose skyrocketed.

C and the operating system Unix first became popular on the PDP-11. So, it would follow then that the boom in commercial computers that supports the new C programming language, propelled thousands of people to read 200-page The C Programming Language. This re-introduced ‘Hello World.’ Almost every programmer who worked on desktop software in the 80s and 90s thereafter owned a copy or referenced the book. Million of copies have sold to date. There were probably many different basic programs to start with, but ‘Hello World’ is, by far, the most famous today. Every programmer remembers their first ‘Hello World’ as a rite of passage. Many might not realize it, but each time a programmer feels the sweet feeling of triumph in clearing the first hurdle of programming with the words ‘Hello World,’ is experiencing a moment that transcends history.
 
